Update Readme (#1378)
GPflow/GPflow: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GPflow/GPflow/tree/develop.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/GPflow/GPflow/tree/develop)
[![Coverage Status](http://codecov.io/github/GPflow/GPflow/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/GPflow/GPflow?branch=master)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/gpflow/badge/?version=master)](http://gpflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/?badge=master)

> [![Slack Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-gpflow-green.svg?logo=Slack)](https://join.slack.com/t/gpflow/shared_invite/enQtOTE5MDA0Nzg5NjA2LTYwZWI3MzhjYjNlZWI1MWExYzZjMGNhOWIwZWMzMGY0YjVkYzAyYjQ4NjgzNDUyZTgyNzcwYjAyY2QzMWRmYjE)

Author: This is a badge that points to our slack workspace. I noticed people didn't always knew about our slack.

[Website](https://gpflow.org) |
[Documentation (develop/v2.0)](https://gpflow.readthedocs.io/en/develop/) |
[Documentation (v1.5)](https://gpflow.readthedocs.io/en/v1.5.1-docs/) |
[Glossary](GLOSSARY.md)

> GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [Joel Berekely](https://github.com/joelberkeley), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).

Author: biggest change is that I moved the list contributors out and only highlight the active maintainers. Are you guys happy with this?

Reviewer: related question - what do we do with copyright notices and mentioning authors of notebooks ?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/joelberkeley -> https://github.com/joelberkeley-pio

Reviewer 2: Berekely -> Berkeley

Author: @joelberkeley-pio Sorry for misspelling your name. I'll update it.

Author: @st-- I would leave that stuff as is (for now).

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the github contributors page in place of the deleted names?

> GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [Joel Berekely](https://github.com/joelberkeley), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).

Author: ```suggestion
GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [Berkeley](https://github.com/joelberkeley-pio), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).
```

Reviewer 3: You've missed out Joel's name

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [Joel Berkeley](https://github.com/joelberkeley), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).
```

Author: good catch - thank you

> GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [Joel Berkeley](https://github.com/joelberkeley), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).

Author: ```suggestion
GPflow is a package for building Gaussian process models in Python, using [TensorFlow](http://www.tensorflow.org). It was originally created by [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/) and [Alexander G. de G. Matthews](https://github.com/alexggmatthews). It is now actively maintained by (in alphabetical order) [Alexis Boukouvalas](https://github.com/alexisboukouvalas), [Artem Artemev](http://github.com/awav/), [Eric Hambro](erichambro.com), [James Hensman](http://jameshensman.github.io/), [Joel Berkeley](https://github.com/joelberkeley), [Mark van der Wilk](https://markvdw.github.io/), [ST John](https://github.com/st--) and [Vincent Dutordoir](https://vdutor.github.io/).
```

> GPflow would not be the same without the community. We are grateful to [all contributors](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors) who have helped shape GPflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPflow would not be the same without the community. **We are grateful to [all contributors](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors) who have helped shape GPflow.**
```
to highlight in bold maybe? :)

> GPflow would not be the same without the community, the full list of contributers can be found [here](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors) (in alphabetical order).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPflow would not be the same without the community. We are grateful to [all contributors](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors).
```

* it's best practice to give links meaningful names - this makes it much more accessible to people with screen readers - instead of just calling it "here" or "this link".
* it's not alphabetical

> GPflow would not be the same without the community, the full list of contributers can be found [here](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors) (in alphabetical order).

Author: ```suggestion
GPflow would not be the same without the community, the full list of contributers can be found [here](http://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/graphs/contributors).
```

### Install GPflow 2

#### Latest release from PyPI

```bash
pip install gpflow

> ```

Reviewer: anticipating the release already, just to confirm?

Author: Indeed. Is that okay?

> #### Latest source from GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Latest source from GitHub

(Be aware that this changes regularly and new commits on the `develop` branch may break your code.)
```

With the release of _TensorFlow_ 2.1 and _Tensorflow Probability_ 0.9, you should only need to run
```bash
pip install -e .
```
in a check-out of the `develop` branch of the GPflow github repository.

> - Alternatively, Using `pip`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use `pip`:
```
